Remove `backtrace` example, move into docs instead (#2842)
boutproject/BOUT-dev: manual/sphinx/user_docs/physics_models.rst

Controlling logging level
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By default all of the outputs (except ``output_debug``) are saved to
log and printed to console (processor 0 only).

To reduce the volume of outputs the command line argument ``--quiet``
(``-q`` for short) reduces the output level by one, and ``--verbose``
(``-v`` for short) increases it by one. Running with ``-q`` in the
command line arguments suppresses the ``output_info`` messages, so
that they will not appear in the console or log file. Running with

> ``-q -q`` suppresses everything except ``output_warn`` and

Reviewer: ` output_progress` is disabled here, in case someone wonders like me ...

``output_error``.

To enable the ``output_debug`` messages, configure BOUT++ with a
``CHECK`` level ``>= 3``. To enable it at lower check levels,

> configure BOUT++ with ``-DENABLE_OUTPUT_DEBUG``. When running BOUT++

Reviewer: ```suggestion
configure BOUT++ with ``-DBOUT_ENABLE_OUTPUT_DEBUG=ON``. When running BOUT++
```
